# Forms
## Why Forms?
- The best Known form on the web is probably the search box that sits right in the middle of Google's homepage.

## Form Controls
- There are several types of form controls that you can use to collect information from visitors to your site.
  - Adding Text: Text input, Password input, Text area
  - Making Choices: Radio buttons, Checkboxes, Drop-down boxes
  - Submitting Forms: Submit buttons, Image buttons, Uploading files

## How Forms Work
- A user fills in a form and then presses a button to submit the information to the server.
- The name of each form control is sent to the server along with the value the user enters or selects
- The sever processes the information using a programming language such as PHP, C#, VB.net, or Java.
- The server creates a new page to send back to the browser based on the information received.

## Form Structure
- Form controls live inside a **<**Form**>** element. 
- Every from element requires an action attribute.

## Text Input
- The **<**input**>** element is used to create several different form controls.
- type="text"; When the type attribute has a value of text, it creates a single-line text input.
- name
- maxlength

## Password Input
- type="password"
- name
- size, maxlength

## Text Area
- the **<**textarea**>** element is used to create a multi-line text input.

## Radio Button
- type="radio"
- name
- value
- checked

## Checkbox
- type="checkbox"
- name
- value
- checked

## Drop-down List Box
- **<**select**>**
- name
- **<**option**>**
- value
- selected

## Multiple Select Box
- **<**select**>**
- size
- multiple

## File Input Box
- **<**input**>**
- type="file"

## Submit Button
- **<**input**>**
- name
- value

## Image Button
- **<**input**>**
- type="image"

## Button & Hidden Controls
- **<**button**>**
- **<**input**>**
- type="hidden"
