# Error Handling & Debugging

## Order Of Execution
- To find the source of an error, it helps to know how scripts are processed.
- The order in which statements are executed can be complex; some tasks cannot complete until another staement or function has been run.

## Execution Context
- The JavaScript interpreter uses the concept of execution contexts.
- There is one global excution context; plus, each function creates a new execution context. They correspond to variable scope.
- Execution Context
  - Global Context
  - Function Context
  - Eval Context
- Variable Scope
  - Global Scope
  - Function-Level Scope

## The Stack
- The JavaScript interpreter processes one line opf code at a time.
- When a statement needs data from another function, it stacks the new funmction on top of the current task.

## Execution Context & Hoisting
- Each time a script enters a new execution context, there are two phases of activity;
- i. Prepare
  - The new scope is created
  - Variable, functions, and arguments are created
- ii. Execute
  - Now it can assign values to variables
  - Reference functions and run their code
  - Execute statements

## Understanding Scope
- In the interpreter, each execution context has its own variables object.
- It holds the variables, functions, and parameters available within it.
- Each execution context can also access its parent's variable object.

## Understading Errors
- If a JavaScript statement generates an error, then it throws an exception.
- At that point, the interpreter stops and looks for excception-handling code.
- Error objects can help you find where you mistakes are and browsers have tools to help you read them.
  - SyntaxError
  - ReferenceError
  - EvalError
  - URIError
  - TypeError
  - RangeError
  - Error
  - NaN

## How To Deal With Errors
- Now that you know what an error is and how the browser treats them, there are two things you can do with the errors.
- i. Debug the script to fix errors
- ii. Handle errors gracefully
